How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that
was introduced?

    Fill in your answer here
    It made it clearer and easier to understand.

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more
efficient programmer in the long term?

    Fill in your answer here
    It gives me the abilty to debug updates faster.

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a
commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google
docs does?

    Fill in your answer here
    The pros are 
   easier to manage when a significant enough change has been made the warrents a commit.
   easier to do file comepare to for debugging purposes.

     The Cons are
    may have to many simular versions if auto save is used which makes it harder to debug
    if manually saved isn't done as often as it needs to or not at all work can be lost
    and debugging can also be mad mor tedious.

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple
files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

    Fill in your answer here
    because the way the files are treated are different as a developer.
    changens in each file may affect the other files 

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

    Fill in your answer here
    git log is a simple way to view commits that have been logged.
    git diff makes comeparing commits simple and easy to read.

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that
could break something?

    Fill in your answer here
    version control can do this beacause it removes the fear of having to start over or spend hours sifting through code.


Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

    Fill in your answer here
    i can't wait to try out different projects and also loo into personalising my git and text editor.